hello Michelle and I is larger because
Lily getting married
I think everyone that we've met so far
think that were lesbian life-partner Oh
congratulations on your apartment
no like you were like oh this is my
roommate grace and she was like she
meant matter part boss you finally came
out of the closet I want a standby guy
I'm gonna be like making out with a guy
with a guy in a sword I'm straight by
the way that's how that works out I have
never been to the parks in my life I've
been to the parks four times in my life
that's a lot of times my mom said to me
the only thing I care about is that your
mom
oh we got interrupted by my parents last
time you're outside of the hotel where
right now right now I'm not drunk okay
you're done like tipsy you're done I'm
done
we were drunk yep you're drunk I'm drunk
a weird trunk trunk is essentially tipsy
trunk trunk weird trunk Rick Teddy went
to the supermarket down down
champagne is upon occasion she tried to
mix it up by having the bottle of
champagne they'll be like baby we're
classy he'll be drinking out of
styrofoam cups kay then we went to a
family barbecue nice to meet you graze
on your lesbian a partnership skirt
there's everything you're the bitch in
the bush and the wedding or we'll both
be wearing dresses yeah no will confuse
that a dance apart how about no audience
of myself because I'm not single and you
dance with whomever you want whomever
you want
that's enough thanks bye